capital = 64

oob = "COM_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.4
set_convoys = 100

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	comzer_com_industry_problem
	comzer_com_army_floo
	comzer_com_army_young
	comzer_com_Election_demand
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.8.17"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 40
	fascism = 5
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 5
	statism = 5
	syndicalism = 5
	conservatism = 10
	revolutionarism = 20
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kyosuke Munonov"
	desc = "POLITICS_Kyosuke_Munonov_DESC"
	picture = "KM.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = liberalism
	traits = {
		unpopular_president
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Dmitry Kolganov"
	desc = "POLITICS_Dmitry_Kolganov_DESC"
	picture = "DK.dds"
	expire = "1977.6.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Azulet Kairov"
	desc = "POLITICS_Azulet_Kairov_DESC"
	picture = "AK.dds"
	expire = "1988.5.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Raiser Yoshihikopf"
	desc = "POLITICS_Raiser_Yoshihikopf_DESC"
	picture = "RY.dds"
	expire = "1949.1.1"
	ideology = moderatism
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Alexeyevna Slavanovaya"
	desc = "POLITICS_Alexeyevna_Slavanovaya_DESC"
	picture = "AS.dds"
	expire = "1999.2.1"
	ideology = bigstatism
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Mailaki Komunzar"
	desc = "POLITICS_Mailaki_Komunzar_DESC"
	picture = "MK2.dds"
	expire = "2000.1.1"
	ideology = Unionism
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Peter Khirookiski"
	desc = "POLITICS_Peter_Khirookiski_DESC"
	picture = "PK.dds"
	expire = "2000.3.1"
	ideology = conservatives
	traits = {
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Coiyr Comzer"
	desc = "POLITICS_Coiyr_Comzer_DESC"
	picture = "CC.dds"
	expire = "2000.1.2"
	ideology = Newrevolism
	traits = {
		national_leader
	}
}

#政治顧問
##首相
recruit_character = idea_Klein_Karban
recruit_character = idea_Coiyr_Comzer
recruit_character = idea_Peter_Khirookiski
recruit_character = idea_Korobka_Becsell
recruit_character = idea_Kardiya_Shynuie
recruit_character = idea_Dmitry_Kolganov2
recruit_character = idea_Alza_Scarlet
recruit_character = idea_Alexeyevna_Slavanovaya2
recruit_character = idea_Jorgensen_Henry
recruit_character = idea_fullwave_authentic
recruit_character = idea_shetz_mcqueen
recruit_character = idea_Raiser_Yoshihikopf
recruit_character = idea_Aloys_Braunschweig
recruit_character = idea_laphroaig_benetreit
recruit_character = idea_Gerlinde_Winternitz
##閣僚

#理論家
recruit_character = idea_Dominik_Elert
recruit_character = idea_Oleg_Romanenko
recruit_character = idea_Jonathan_Reimann
recruit_character = idea_Isidor_Dubinin

#陸軍
recruit_character = idea_Dmitry_Kolganov
recruit_character = idea_Alexeyevna_Slavanovaya
recruit_character = idea_Rupert_Schreiber
recruit_character = idea_Yeremey_Svetkin
recruit_character = idea_Karlheinz_Langner
recruit_character = idea_Randolf_Bittner
recruit_character = idea_Eduard_Koltakov
recruit_character = idea_Gert_Sauerland

#海軍
recruit_character = idea_Isay_Manayenkov
recruit_character = idea_Gotthard_Brauer
recruit_character = idea_Henrik_Lindenberg
recruit_character = idea_Aleksandr_Zyablov
recruit_character = idea_Reimund_Behrend
recruit_character = idea_Hildebrecht_Hagendorf
recruit_character = idea_Alois_Sebald
recruit_character = idea_Erhard_Achenbach

#空軍
recruit_character = idea_Svyatoslav_Kirichenko
recruit_character = idea_Rudolf_von_Leistner
recruit_character = idea_Felix_Hassler
recruit_character = idea_Yury_Bevzenko
recruit_character = idea_Siegmund_Schlegel
recruit_character = idea_Ulrich_Hofhaimer
recruit_character = idea_Alban_Kallenberg
recruit_character = idea_Werner_Altmeyer


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "COM_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "COM_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Comzer People Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = COM_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
	else = {
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Comzer People Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 0
				ship_engine_upgrade = 0
				ship_gun_upgrade = 0
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 0
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
	}
}